another movie from an old TV show now
what are you gonna do walk out they go
where no one else dares they do what no
one else can so when there's only one
chance to get it right there are the
ones to call but they only answer to me
my name is Charlie the most elite
crime-fighting force ever assembled
we've got techniques you never dreamed
of you know I signed that release waiver
so you can just feel free to stick
things in my slot meet Roger Corwin he's
planning to steal a new software that
can trace a voice signal anywhere in the
world if this got into the wrong hands
I'll be the end of privacy that's where
you come in and Joe Charlie would that
mean undercover I'll leave that up to
you Bobby
[Applause]
[Music]
Columbia Pictures presents thousand
dollars the girl ketsu
a new breed of knockout I'm good I just
it's just been kind of crazy as we get
work cabaret like a virgin you know I
mean it's my first time here
Lulu
how'd you service and Bill Murray fire
this fall
get some action
Charlie's Angels and that's kicking your
you